Add junos_interfaces model (#5)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/junos/interfaces/merged_example_01.txt

# Using merged

# Before state:
# -------------
# user@junos01# show interfaces
# ge-0/0/1 {
#    description "test interface";
#    speed 1g;
# }

> - name: "Configure interface values (default operation is merge)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Merge provided configuration with device configuration (default operation is merge)
```
